Note how to navigate to git hub
Got to the project and open git bash then
pwd = to confirm if my git bash is in the right location and match or verify with you path must be the same.
Git init= initialize a repository
Git add .= adding to the staging area
Git status= checking the status if it red its not track yet
Git add . = we are tracking files now files are in stage area
Git status = all files are tracked shows green
Reds are just folder green are files and folders.
Now I want all these green files and folders to added in the repository.
Git commit -m  "the 1st practice of git by myself"
= to add all file in to the repository
Git status= here show working tree clean the means we moved the
first stage not the staging area there are three repository working area tree clean
and staging area. We synchronized but nothing committed yet that is why it is clean.
We are about to push but first we need to got to github to create a repository
git remote add origin https://github.com/tamimkmz/AyetRepository.git
we are about to checking the remote and repository are connected or not.
Git remote -v.
 we are about to confirm is this the right URL we get here? yes verify or match with your
  http:github.com in github repository.
After verified do
Git branch -M main
Now I am pushing my repository for the very first time
Git push -u origin main
Now go to github and refresh then check everything is pushed

In the future we make changes in our code how we get tracking of the update lets do this
Git status= shows files are there or not but lets add them updates in staging area by
Git add .
Git commit -m “2nd practice commit”
 At the final when we do type our git push commons like this
Git push = everything gets UpToDate in the repository.

CLONING
 you will have the link ->code—>https—>
 create a folder
 open your terminal in that folder
 git clone “url of the repo that you want to clone”
 after cloning, close your terminals


 PULLING when someone makes changes you can update your code:
 -open the terminal in the project -file—>open in finder—>open terminal in folder
 git pull

 Git stash -u - will delete all your changes and will bring back your last commit



 GIT FETCH
 It tell us -> there is some update on git hub that you need to pull

